replace disrespectful terms - 2 (#1893)
google/knative-gcp: docs/spec/delivery.md

The Knative dead letter policy is specified through the following parameters in
the Knative Eventing delivery spec:

> - `DeadLetterSink`: We only allow specific URLs as the dead letter sink, of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DeadLetterSink`: We only allow URLs of the form `pubsub://[dead_letter_sink_topic]` as the dead letter sink. 
```

What do you think if we change this sentence to this?

Author: Sounds good, done.
